Update documentation (#148)
mc1arke/sonarqube-community-branch-plugin: README.md

      - postgresql:/var/lib/postgresql
      - postgresql_data:/var/lib/postgresql/data
``` 

# Configuration
## Global configuration
If you can define the properties globally (e.g. the pull request provider) within your SonarQube instance go to [/admin/settings?category=pull+request](http://localhost:9000/admin/settings?category=pull+request) and set
the properties as admin.

Set all other properties that you can define globally for all of your projects.

> Make sure `sonar.core.serverBaseURL` in SoanrQube [/admin/settings](http://localhost:9000/admin/settings) is properly set in order to for the links in the

Reviewer: Typo: `SoanrQube` should be `SonarQube`

 comment to

>  work.

Reviewer: Spurious line breaks?

## Project configuration
Override global configuration on project level at [/project/settings?category=pull+request&id=PROJECT_KEY](http://localhost:9000/project/settings?category=pull+request&id=PROJECT_KEY) and set project specific
 settings here.

# Configuration of Bitbucket Server
Set properties for Bitbucket Server either on Global configuration or Project configuration level as mentioned in the
 Configuration section.

## How to decorate the PR
### Run analysis of target branch
In order to decorate your short living branches (hotfixes, features, ...) you need to analyze your long living
 branches (master, development, release branches) first. A configuration what long living branches are can be also
  done in SonarQube.
  
The analysis needs the following setting:

> `sonar.branch.name = master`

Reviewer: I'm not clear on what this line is tying to imply. Is it an example of scanning master (in which case this isn't actually needed) or just an example of scanning a long-lived branch?

### Run analysis of the PR branch
Carefully read the official SonarQube guide for [pull request decoration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/pull-request/) 

In there you'll find the following properties that need to be set.
```
sonar.pullrequest.key = pull_request_id (e.g. 100)
sonar.pullrequest.branch = source_branch_name (e.g feature/TICKET-123)
sonar.pullrequest.base = target_branch_name (e.g master)
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd possibly also mention to ensure you're not including any `sonar.branch` properties otherwise your Pull Request will be treated as a branch and wont be decorated

Author: very good input!

> # Contribution

Reviewer: I know you've moved this rather than created it, but the heading doesn't match the content. Could we change the heading?

 settings here.

# Configuration of Bitbucket Server
Set properties for Bitbucket Server either on Global configuration or Project configuration level as mentioned in the
 Configuration section.

## How to decorate the PR
In order to decorate your short living branch (hotfixes, features, ...) pull-requests you need to analyze your long
 living branches (master, development, release branches) first.
 
You can configure patterns for long living branches in SonarQube.

### Run analysis of long living branches
  
The analysis needs the following setting:
`sonar.branch.name = branch_name (e.g master)`

### Run analysis of the PR branch
Carefully read the official SonarQube guide for [pull request decoration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/pull-request/) 

In there you'll find the following properties that need to be set.
```
sonar.pullrequest.key = pull_request_id (e.g. 100)
sonar.pullrequest.branch = source_branch_name (e.g feature/TICKET-123)
sonar.pullrequest.base = target_branch_name (e.g master)
```

> :warning: There mustn't be any `sonar.branch` properties like `sonar.branch.name` available when you analyze a pull
> -request. As these properties indicate sonar that a branch is and no pull-request decoration is happening.

Reviewer: This doesn't read quite right

```suggestion
:warning: There must not be any `sonar.branch` properties like `sonar.branch.name` arguments set when you analyze a pull-request. These properties indicate sonar that a branch is being analyzed rather than a pull-request so no pull-request decoration will be executed.
```

 settings here.

# Configuration of Bitbucket Server
Set properties for Bitbucket Server either on Global configuration or Project configuration level as mentioned in the
 Configuration section.

## How to decorate the PR
In order to decorate your short living branch (hotfixes, features, ...) pull-requests you need to analyze your long
 living branches (master, development, release branches) first.
 
You can configure patterns for long living branches in SonarQube.

### Run analysis of long living branches
  
The analysis needs the following setting:
`sonar.branch.name = branch_name (e.g master)`

### Run analysis of the PR branch
Carefully read the official SonarQube guide for [pull request decoration](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/pull-request/) 

In there you'll find the following properties that need to be set.
```
sonar.pullrequest.key = pull_request_id (e.g. 100)
sonar.pullrequest.branch = source_branch_name (e.g feature/TICKET-123)
sonar.pullrequest.base = target_branch_name (e.g master)
```

:warning: There must not be any `sonar.branch` properties like `sonar.branch.name` arguments set when you analyze a

>   pull-request. These properties indicate sonar that a branch is being analyzed rather than a pull-request so no

Reviewer: Nitpick: `indicate sonar` should be `indicate to sonar`

Author: fixed
